Dear All,
Please find below the Round 3 AI Battleground assignment. 
Assignment Details:
For question details, please refer to the attached excel sheet.
Problem statement: The task is to design a UI framework for LLM based chatbot automation utilizing Selenium with Python or any alternate tool stack (open source) of your choice. The framework should be able to fire a list of questions (refer to attached excel sheet) to LLM bot available at this URL: https://chat.mistral.ai/chat, capture the responses in excel sheet and then validate the correctness of the answers against the provided “Expected answer”. The questions to be fired and expected answers are in the shared excel sheet.
Design and implement any innovative approach for verifying the degree of correctness for the responses utilizing AI concepts. For e.g. you may utilize LLM models, keywords, fuzzy logic, text-to-embeddings or any mix-match alternate means to verify the output using AI, etc. The output must be saved in a newly created excel sheet.
Along with validating the entire response and comparing it with the actual response shared in the excel, your framework approach should also accommodate the validation of expected data. For example, if you ask the question “What is the value of pi?” in the response it should give 3.14 (value 3.14 will be part of the statement generated by the bot). Here there will be two assertions, the first assertion will validate the actual entire response from the bot with the excepted response. The second assertion will be to validate the presence of expected data 3.14 in the response.
 
Please make sure –
The code should be maintainable and readable. Hence use proper comments and indentation.
The code should be modular and crisp.
Think of some innovative and optimized way of creating the framework.
The code should be in a running condition and should be executable from any machine just by downloading the code and having the prerequisite installed in the system. Ensure there is no hard coded paths in the code.
A proper guide with screenshots for all major steps is mandatory.
A readme file with relevant screenshots and steps to setup the framework on any machine. You may use docker/podman containers for ease of setup.
Framework should be submitted in such a way that it can be directly downloaded and executed on any system.
A proper requirements.txt file must be shared (if applicable) Eg. If you use python libraries, you need to share the requirements.txt file with proper library versions.
Expected deliverables:
Executable code
Readme file
Guide document capturing all the relevant screenshots and steps followed to reach the final outcome
Approach ppt
Video demonstration of your approach and execution of the framework.
 
How to share the assignment:
Kindly upload the Google drive link of your assignment in the below form.
 https://forms.office.com/r/3g3N9VEM06

Things to be uploaded in the google drive:
Solution code
Readme file
requirement.txt (if applicable)
Container image (Docker/Podman)
Approach ppt
Guide document
Video demonstration (max 10 mins)
Test results excel
 
The assignments needs to be uploaded in zip format - Teamname_AIBattleground2_R3 of the assignment
 
Last date for submission of the assignment : 28th August 2024 (EOD)
Note : No changes post submission time will be entertained. The assignments need to be uploaded only on Google drive and NOT on One drive and the links of the same has to be shared in the form (link shared above). Make sure the link is accessible to the evaluators (anyone with the link should be able to access it). Assignments shared over an email will NOT be considered for evaluation purpose. 
In case of any query regarding the assignment, feel free to reach out to us on teams channel and we will get back to you.
 
Regards,
Team AI Battleground 2.0